Use Cases
Use case: Understanding data analysis tutorial on our website
Actors: Researcher / student
Goal: To guid ethe user step by step through the process of analyzing fish eeg data so that they can understand and replicate analysis data
System: The internet (website hosted on internet)
Stakeholder: Reasearcher / student / me
Precondition: Needs a computer with internet access and a screen to see the visuals of the website
Triggers: I tell them about the website, or they find the website on the internet via a link on my blog/google search
Basic flow: Click on website link, scroll through the page, interact with website buttons, sliders etc. learning about the method/experiment as they go thorugh the webpage contents
Exceptions: Website is down or inaccessible, internet connection is lost
Assumptions: That the user has basic familiarity with using a computer and navigating a webpage. That the user has a basic familiarity with scientific concepts (neurons etc.)

Use case: Playing audio files on our website
Actors: Researcher / student
Goal: To allow the user to hear the stimuli used in the experiment and the auditory responses of the animal recorded from the electrodes
System: The internet (website hosted on internet)
Stakeholder: Reasearcher / student / me
Precondition: Needs a computer with internet access and a screen to see the visuals of the website, specifically the buttons, and then also speakers to output the audio files
Triggers: The play button is inviting clicks via colors/animation
Basic flow: Click on website link, scroll through the page, interact with website buttons, sliders etc. learning about the method/experiment as they go thorugh the webpage contents
Exceptions: Website is down or inaccessible, internet connection is lost
Assumptions: That the user has basic familiarity with using a computer, and speakers, and navigating a webpage. That the user has a basic familiarity with scientific concepts (neurons etc.)

Components
1. Homepage
2. Audio player controls
3. Interactive sliders on page to do live filtering of data
4. Audio file management
5. Tutorial content management
6. Error handling for missing files/broken links
7. D3 javascript pacakge




